[10.0][ADD] add module shopinvader_product_selector (#355)
shopinvader/odoo-shopinvader: shopinvader_product_variant_selector/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This is shopinvader the odoo module for the new generation of e-commerce.

> This module will add the field "variant_selector" in the variant json (exported to algolia or elastic). This new field will allow you to easily switch between the variant of the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module adds the field `variant_selector` in the product variant metadata (exported to algolia or elastic). 
The value of the field contains the possible combinations of variants that are available.
This ease frontend development of variant selectors.
```
